>>Overview
    Project Name: Dashboard
    Description: Flexible and elegant student management system of the University of The Gambia
    Development Language: Java
    Source Packages:
        customs
        icons
        main
        utg
    External Libraries:
            JSoup-1.12.1
            iText-2.1.7
            Selenium-Server-Standalone-3.141.59 + Web-Driver-Manager-3.6.2
            Java Mail API
    Frameworks: No framework is used in this project

>>Notes to Overview
    Source Packages (4 packages):
        customs (16 classes):
            Classes of this package extends the standard JDK for initialization of project-based components.
        icons (24 files):
            The image icons used in building the Dashboard are placed in this package for uniform access.
        main (39 classes):
            It's the residential package for all the classes, interfaces, and types used in the project.
            Classes of this package make good use of the customs package and interacts with one-another
            to make Dashboard what it is.
        utg (3 classes):
            Contains classes for testing and running the project from every aspects with the real runner
            class - main.Dashboard. The other two types - main.GeneralTester and main.SpecificTester are
            to be used for by-passed user detail testing and specific-functionality testing, respectively.

    External Libs (4 libraries):
        To get Dashboard fully-setup for development, the following external libraries must be recognized as
        additional libraries by your IDE. External libraries are added differently under different development
        environments. It is assumed that you already know how to do this as per your environment - being it
        Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA, NetBeans, or any.

        1) JSoup (version 1.12.1):
            This is the library used for the scraping of news contents from the official utg news site -
            https://www.utg.edu.gm/category/news/ - listening for change and update events therein.
        2) iText (version 2.1.7):
            For the exportation of the transcript.
        3) Selenium-Server-Standalone (version 3.141.59) + Web-Driver-Manager:
            All portal automations are handled by these two libraries working hand-in-hand.
            Dashboard is functionally multi-threaded. At runtime, any of these two libraries is
            capable of triggering of well over a dozen of threads, sub-threads, providing a smooth
            user-experience without the sacrifice of speed, or time.
            For instance, synchronization of courses should not be waited by reading of notices, or vice-versa.
        4) The Java Mail API
